---
title: 'Kings Point, NY'
cover_image: '4.jpg'
---

Designed as a French ch&acirc;teau, the residence was clad in limestone, including magnificent hand carved detailing. In contrast with the classic exterior, the interior of the home reflects the client&rsquo;s distinctively modern tastes. The space&rsquo;s function is to be a visual foreground for the panorama of Manhattan and provide users with an area that shares direct connections with both the homes classic exterior and modern interior. The overall layout of the pool area is modern. Bands of lawn create special definition and visual interest for the limestone patio. The Phoenician Buff wall veneer&rsquo;s colors complement the limestone by providing a darker &lsquo;base&rsquo; for the home in addition to introducing subtle color interest to the hardscape. The pool, furnished with an automatic cover, spa, and limestone veneered sundeck, exhibits a vanishing edge wrap detail which directs ones eye towards the Manhattan skyline. Glass tile, which was a common theme in the home&rsquo;s interior, was used on the spa and waterline. In an effort to &lsquo;break the box&rsquo; caused by the shape restrictions of an automatic cover, a shallow water feature was created adjacent to the major pool giving the sense of one body of water. Two large limestone pads seem to levitate over the space giving the illusion of weightlessness. The annual bed on either side of the reflecting pool takes care not to become overwhelming in color or complexity while still creating a lush tropical foil for the simplistic linear geometry of the pavement.
